Docs/updates install landing page (#64809)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/installation/_index.md

To run Grafana, you must have a supported operating system, hardware that meets or exceeds minimum requirements, a supported database, and a supported browser.

> Grafana relies other open source software to operate. For a list of open source software that Grafana uses, refer to [package.json](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/main/package.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana relies on other open source software to operate. For a list of open source software that Grafana uses, refer to [package.json](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/main/package.json).
```

- [RPM-based Linux (Fedora, SUSE/OpenSUSE, RedHat)]({{< relref "rpm/" >}})
- [macOS]({{< relref "mac/" >}})
- [Windows]({{< relref "windows/" >}})

> **Note:** Installation of Grafana on other operating systems is possible, but is not recommended or supported.

## Hardware recommendations

Grafana requires the minimum system resources:

- Minimum recommended memory: 255 MB
- Minimum recommended CPU: 1

Some features might require more memory or CPUs, including:

- [Server side rendering of images](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/grafana-image-renderer#requirements)
- [Alerting]({{< relref "../../alerting/" >}})
- [Data source proxy]({{< relref "../../developers/http_api/data_source/" >}})

## Supported databases

Grafana requires a database to store its configuration data, such as users, data sources, and dashboards. The exact requirements depend on the size of the Grafana installation and the features you use.

Grafana supports the following databases:

- [SQLite 3](https://www.sqlite.org/index.html)
- [MySQL 5.7+](https://www.mysql.com/support/supportedplatforms/database.html)
- [PostgreSQL 10+](https://www.postgresql.org/support/versioning/)

> By default, Grafana installs SQLite, which is stored in the Grafana installation location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default Grafana uses an embedded SQLite database, which is stored in the Grafana installation location.
```
